So for outputting cart items,
we of course need to go to the cart component
and there we again need to use context now.
So we should import, useContext from React
and of course imports the context object
Cart Context from going up to the store folder
and then cart dash context,
and then in the cart components
we now call useContext and pass cart Context to it
to get access to that cart Context.
Now here, we no longer want this dummy array of cart items,
instead now here we can access cart Ctx dot items
to transform these items to items in the cart.
And before we continue working on the cart logic
or anything like that, let's actually work
on these cart items that they have to correct look
and let's always make sure we outputs
the total amount and so on.
And I'll start with the total amount actually.
For dad here, I'll add a total amount constant
and then I'll simply access cart Ctx dot total amount,
however I'll call to fixed two here
to make sure that we always have two decimal places
and I'll put this into a template literal
to output a dollar sign in front of this now dynamically
injected and derived Java Script expression.
And that's not a total amount which should be output here
instead of just hard coded value like this.
So that's now the real total amount for this cart.
I know also wanna make sure
that this order button is only showing up
if we have items in the cart.
So for dad, we can add a number of constants here
right below total amount maybe which will name has items
and here I'll simply check
if cart context items has a length greater than zero.
So if there are items in the cart
and now we can use has items down there to check
if has items is true and only rendered a button
if that's the case.
And with that already, if I reload
you see if I opened the cart with no items
we have no order button and a total amount of zero.
But if you start adding a couple of items, we see them here
we see the update a total amount
and we've got an order button.
Now at the moment
items are still added incorrectly to the cart.
We're going to work on that soon.
But before we do that, I wanna work
on how these cart items are being displayed.
Now for dad, I prepared a component
for you attached to find a cart item file, which contains
both a cart item JS file and a cart item module CSS file.
Simply copy both files into that cart folder.
That's simply a cart item component,
which is not too fancy
which is why I'm just providing
the finished component to you.
In the end, this will just output price, the amount
and then buttons for adding or removing more
of debt cart item and in cart JS
we can now use that cart item.
So here you can simply import cart item
from that just added cart item file, and then render instead
of that list item here, a cart item,
whoops cart item like this, and two cart item.
We now need to pass a key, of course since it's a list
and that can be, or should be item dot ID.
We also wanna display the name.
So that's item dot name.
We wanna display the amount, which is item dot amount
and pass the price, which is item dot price.
And then also pass functions
for adding or removing items from the cart.
So I will add these functions here now
and add my cart item, remove handler
where I get to the idea of the to be removed item
and my cart item add handler where I get the item itself.
And we'll add the logic to dysfunctions in a second.
And now here on the cart item, which we output in the list
we should add up on remove prop coz that's
the name I'm expecting in that provided component.
And two on remove, we pass a pointer to cart item
remove handler, and we add on add prop and number
prop I'm using indebt provided cart item component
where we point at the cart item, add handler.
Now on both these functions
you should call bind and bind no item ID.
This ensures that the idea of the to be added
or removed item is passed here to remove handler
and on end you should also call bind
and bind null and pass the overall item.
You'll learn that bind pre-configure
as a function for future execution
and basically allows you to pre-configure the argument
that function will receive when it's being executed.
And that's something we need here to ensure
that both these functions do receive the ID
or the item respectively.
Now with that, your cart should look something like this
here I'm assumed in which is why it's a bit cut off.
It should look something like this now to make sure
that this has never cut off
I'll all the quickly go to the cart module CSS file.
And here I'll go to cart items
and give us a max height of let's say 20 rem
and then add overflow scroll.
By doing this, I make sure that this can't get too big
but that instead it becomes scrollable
but your cart should now look like this.
And of course, the problem we have here is not just
that these buttons won't work, but that, for example, here
we also have sushi free times
which is absolutely not what we want here.
I also want to go to cart item
and quickly make sure that on the price here for props price
in the cart item component, I also call to fixed to,
to force this to all these have two decimal places
for example, here for addition it's now.
So now as a next step, I wanna make sure
that the logic for adding items to the cart is different.
And if we add sushi a second or third time
it's aggregated together into one item
where this amount changes instead
of more items being added to disarray.